`APIDataSet` ease of use changes to `auth` interactions (#1105)
quantumblacklabs/kedro: docs/source/05_data/01_data_catalog.md

    year: 2000
```

> Note that `usda_credientials` will be passed as the `auth` argument in the `requests` library. Specify the username and password as a list in your `credentials.yml` like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `usda_credientials` will be passed as the `auth` argument in the `requests` library. Specify the username and password as a list in your `credentials.yml` as follows:
```
